Tabs; 4; No Wrap

## Member Summary
Type | Name | Description
----- | ------- | -------------
`double` | `learning_rate` | Multiplier for updating weights and biases 
`int` | `batch_size` | Size of mini batches to take from test data
`int` | `epochs` | Number of times to "train" the network // consider changing name to more descriptive one
`vector<int>` | `layer_sizes` | Array containing sizes of each layer
`int` | `num_Layers` | Number of layers in the network 
`int` | `num_correct_outputs` | Number of times network output matches truth values for test data 
`vector<matrix>` | `weights` | Vector of matrices containing all the weights for the network
`vector<matrix>` | `biases` | Vector of matrices containing all the biases for the network
`vector<matrix>` | `activations` | Vector of matrices containing all the activation values of the network
`vector<matrix>` | `weighted_sums` | Vector of matrices containing all the weighted sums of the network
`vector<matrix>` | `errors` | Vector of matrices containing all errors at each node of the network 
`vector<matrix>` | `sum_nabla_b` | Vector of matrices containing the sum of the dC/db at each node of the network
`vector<matrix>` | `sum_nabla_w` | Vector of matrices containing the sum of the dC/dw at each node of the network
`vector<matrix>` | `Expected_values` | Vector of matrices containing the expected values for each training data input 
`vector<int>` | `test_data_indices` | Array of all indices corresponding to the test data
`vector<int>` | `mini_batch_indices` | Array of indices of size batch_size corresponding to the test data
`string` | `test_data_file` | Name of file of test data inputs
`string` | `expected_values_file` | Name of file of expected values that correspond to the test data inputs

## Constructor Summary
Constructor | Description
------------- | -------------
`Network (istream& in = cin)` | Constructs an untrained Network object that represents the data read from the "in" istream
`Network (const string& network_filename, const string& data_filename)` | Reconstructs a [trained] network and classifies it
`~Network ()` | Deallocates the Network object's dynamic memory and closes all files
	
## Method Summary
Return type | Name | Description
-------------|------|-------------
`string&` | `ReadInit (string& hyperparam_filename)` | Reads the required hyperparameters of the class from a file provided by the user
`string&` | `ReadInit ()` | Reads the required hyperparameters from the console `cin`
`void` | `ForwardPropagation ()` | Sets all activation values and weighted inputs for a single test data input
`void` | `BackPropagation (const matrix& Expected_values)` | Backpropagates through network to compute error at each node
`void` | `SGD()` | Stochastic Gradient Descent: performs forward and back propagation once for each input in the mini batch then updates the weights and biases accordingly
`void` | `Train()` | Trains network by repeatedly performing SGD on randomized mini batches of the test data for as many epochs as specified
`void` | `Update()` | Updates weights and biases based on data from SGD
`void` | `Classify ()` | Classifies the data file provided by the user and displays the efficiency based on the classified data 
`void` | `Randomize_Matrix(matrix& M)` | Assigns Gaussian normally distributed set of random numbers for each element in a matrix
`bool` | `Create_Network_File(string& network_filename)` | Writes a file to store the network	
`matrix&` | `Hadamard_Product (const matrix& M1, const matrix& M2)` |Performs the Hadamard Product operation on any two given matrices 
`void` | `Shuffle(vector<T> data)` | Applies Fisher-Yates shuffle to randomize elements in a vector

## Member Details
### learning_rate
	double learning_rate;  
Positive multiplier for updating weights and biases.  
Generally, the learning rate is less than 1

### batch_size
	int batch_size;
Size of the small samples of randomly chosen training inputs from the test data file.
Provided, the sample size should be large enough to speedup the learning process of the network.

### epochs
	int epochs;
A hyperparameter that denotes the number of times the samples of finite size needs to be chosen randomly, such that the training inputs are exhausted. 
This number is usually provided by the user rather than a randomly selected value by the learning algorithm.	
	
### layer_sizes
	vector<int> layer_sizes;
Records the size of every layer in the network, once given a source by the user. Every required matrix in the class gets the size using this parameter.
	
### num_Layers
	int num_Layers;
Stores information about the depth of the network. This parameter, particularly, helps in randomly accessing any particular layer in the network. 
	
### num_correct_output
	int num_correct_output;
This records the number of correct outputs generated by the network after comparing them to the expected values. It helps in getting the efficiency of the network after every epoch.
	
### weights
	vector<matrix> weights;
The weights of all the layers are stored in a vector of matrices each of size (j x k), where k is the layer size just before the layer with j as its layer size. Initially, the weights are randomly assigned values using the Guassian normal distribution. Though, the weights get updated once the netwroks starts learning.
	
### biases
	vector<matrix> biases;
The biases of all the layers in a network are stored in a vector of matrices each of size (j x 1), where j is the layer size of that layer. Initially, the biases are randomly assigned values using the Gaussian normal distribution. However, the biases get updated as the network starts learning.
	
### activations
	vector<matrix> activations;
The activations of a particular layer in a network are stored in a matrix of size (j x 1), where j is the layer size of that layer. Activation values are calculated by the activation function declared outside the class. It requires the weighted sums to perform the calculation.
However, for every training input, the first layer of activations will be the training input data extracted from the file.
	
### weighted_sums
	vector<matrix> weighted_sums;
The weighted sums of all layers in a network are stored in a vector of matrices each of size (j x 1), where j is the layer size of that layer. The weighted sum at any particular layer can be given by the dot product, of the weight matrix for that layer and the values of the activations layer just before that layer, with the bias matrix for that layer added to the dot product. 
##### 		weighted_sums at jth layer = ((weights at j) . (activations at j - 1)) + (biases at j)

### errors
	vector<matrix> errors;
The errors for all the layers in a network are stored in a vector of matrices each of size (j x 1), where j is the layer size of that layer. The errors for the ouput layer will be calculated first using the expected values and the derivative of the activation function. Then, the errors will be back propagated to all the hidden layers.
	
### sum_nabla_b
	vector<matrix> sum_nabla_b;
The sum of the cost partials with respect to biases for all the layers in a network are stored in a vector of matrices each of size (j x 1), where j is the layer size of that layer. This stores the sum of the dC/db values for all the layers in the network. The cost partial, dC/db for a specific layer is directly equal to the error in that specific layer.

### sum_nabla_w
	vector<matrix> sum_nabla_w;
The sum of the cost partials with respect to weights for all the layers in a network are stored in a vector of matrices each of size (j x k), where k is the layer size just before the layer with j as its layer size. This stores the sum of the dC/dw values for all the layers in the network. For any _ith_ layer in the network,
##### dC/dw = Hadamard Product of [((errors at _ith_ layer) . ((activations at _(i-1)th_ layer)<sup>T</sup>))] and [Sigmoid Prime of weighted_sums at _ith_ layer]
	
### Expected_Values
	vector<matrix> Expected_values;
The Expected_Values is a vector of a matrix of size (L x 1), where L is the size of the ouput layer in the network. The expected values for every training data input are extracted from the file and stored here to compare the final output after every forward propagation with these expected values.

### test_data_indices
	vector<int> test_data_indices;
A vector of the size same as that of the number of training data inputs. Randomization after every epoch is performed on the test data indices before passing them to any other function.
	
### mini_batch_indices
	vector<int> mini_batch_indices;
A vector of the size same as the batch size. This parameter stores in the indices after the randomization and it is made sure that the different mini batches get unique indices from the test data.
	
### test_data_file
	string test_data_file;
The name of the file containing the test data is the file from which the activation values at the first layer is extracted. This also gives the size to the test_data_indices.	
	
### expected_values_file
	string expected_values_file;
The expected_values_file gives the expected values for each training data input in the test_data_file. It helps in getting the values of errors and helps the network to learn faster.

## Constructor Details
	Network::Network (istream& in = cin);
#### Parameters:
It takes one parameter, which is the input stream. Although, this input stream is by default set to **cin**. 
#### Function:
This constructor assigns values to all the data members, based on the values of some data members entered by the user. It takes the values from the ReadInit() method, and creates all the required matrices for the class. This constructor gets called when the user chooses to train the network. Once called, it is this constructor that makes sure every data member of the class gets assigned to a value.  

	Network::Network (const string& network_filename, const string& data_filename);
#### Parameters:
It takes two parameters, the filename of the previous network that needs to used and the other parameter is the data file name, which needs to be classified. 
#### Function:
This constructor assigns values to all the data members of the class. It takes the required values for classification from the previous network file and creates the required matrices. This constructor gets called when the user chooses to classify the network. Once called, it is this constructor that makes sure every data member of the class gets assigned to a value, if needed and to null, if not needed.

## Method Details
